---
title: "Listener configurations"
linkTitle: "Listener configurations"
date: 2020-01-20
weight: 2
description: >
  The listener configurations of MOSN.
---

This topic describes the listener configurations of MOSN.

- You can specify the ports on which MOSN listens upon startup and the specific logic corresponding to the ports in listener configurations.
- You can supplement or modify listener configurations through dynamic listener APIs.

```json
{
  "name":"",
  "type":"",
  "address":"",
  "bind_port":"",
  "use_original_dst":"",
  "access_logs":[],
  "filter_chains":[],
  "stream_filters":[],
  "inspector":"",
  "connection_idle_timeout":""
}
```

## name

The name of a listener that is used to uniquely distinguish it from other listeners. If this parameter is left empty, a UUID will be generated by the system as a name by default. When you dynamically upgrade a listener by using its name as the index, a new listener is added if the name does not exist. If the name exists, the listener is updated.

## type

The type of the listener. Valid values `ingress` and `egress`. Different types of listeners generate different trace logs.

## address

The string in the `IP:Port` format. This is the unique address to which the listener listens.

## bind_port

Boolean. Specifies whether the listener will occupy the address specified for the address parameter. Set this parameter to True in most cases.

## use_original_dst

Boolean. Used for transparent proxying.

## access_logs

Settings for a group of `access logs`.

## filter_chains

Settings for a group of [filter chains](./filter-chain). However, MOSN only supports one `filter_chain` currently.

## stream_filters

Settings for a group of `stream_filters`. Currently, this parameter is valid only when the filter configured in `filter_chain` contains `proxy`.

## inspector

Boolean. Specifies whether to allow the listener to handle non-TLS requests even when TLS listener is enabled in `filter_chain`. Valid values: True and False.

## connection_idle_timeout

[The duration string](../custom#duration-string), which specifies the timeout value of an idle string. MOSN closes a connection of a listener when its idle duration exceeds the configured idle connection timeout value.

